README.md, before:

![Neves' Capybaras Logo](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/24f94d5b6d303fa5e4337a6fd6951a9889918b28.png)
### A Fabric mod that adds Capybaras, the "coconut doggies", as your companionship!

## Requirements
[<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Ol1Tcf8.png" alt="Requires Fabric API" width="200"/>](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
[<img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/56f1b4c1016d7698f0bf00e1305c1a22123d819a8fb43181d8cb8139b0d3136d/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f4b42396b5259562e706e67" alt="Requires Geckolib" width="200"/>]([https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib))


## [Video Showcase](https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/GtRuQqqVLZE)

## Gallery
![Happy capybara family in the mud.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/10fa8cfc57fb411de59ccc62d755b34ebeee94dc.png)

![Mangroove swamp with thermal springs.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/499b4725ff2c5cb93fb2bb46ff79d4eb78e1de5d.png)

![Mandarin bushes on a sunny day.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b726f5e55d4aeaed5c6161559d404c985df99127.png)

![Geysers spewing water.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/5b748e18bd0967d7008a63f8d8bf413f44eac649.png)

## Features
### Capybaras:
- Capybaras are new mods found in mangrove swamps and swamps. They will spawn anywhere on those, but will spawn way more frequently at Capybara's Paradise, also found in mangrove swamps.
- Capybaras will follow you if you hold a melon slice. It also allows you to breed them.
- Capybaras are semi-aquatic animals, so they spawn more often near water bodies. However, they do not need water in order to survive.
### Capybara's Paradise:
- A new structure found in mangroove swamps. Here, capybaras spawn more often than in the rest of the swamp, and they'll also stay closer to these structures.
- You'll find lots of watermelons scattered around, as well as small ponds with thermal springs, currently being the only way to obtain this new block.
### Mandarins:
- Mandarin bushes:
  - Despite being totally not realistic, mandarin bushes are the way to get the new fruit.
  - You can find mandarins, mandarin leaves and flowering mandarin leaves in these bushes. Breaking the leaves has a chance at dropping mandarins, much like apples drop from oak leaves.
- Mandarin:
  - A new food type. Eating this will gives 2 hunger points + the "Sweetened" effect for 5 seconds.
  - You can put a mandarin on a capybara's head by right clicking them while holding it.
### Thermal springs:
- A new decorative block. Thermal springs are capybaras' hotspots (no pun intended), as they are attracted to it.
- This block emits steam particles from the every water block in a 5 block radius. If there's water below it, it will essentially become a geyser.
### Sweetened:
- A new effect. While having this effect, all food gives you 50% more hunger points (1.5x). For golden apples and enchanted golden apples, you'll get 50% more hearts.
- This effect is only obtainable through eating mandarins.

## FAQ

**Can I include this mod in a modpack?**

**Yes**: You can, no need for approval. However, I would love to know what modpacks are using this mod, so don't hesitate to message me on discord! (iuriineves).

**I found a bug! What do I do?**

**Open an issue**: Just make an issue on this mod's github page and I'll try to fix is as soon as I can. Make sure to explain how to reproduce the bug as well.

**Can you port this mod to X modloader?**

**No**: I only mod for the Fabric loader, so other modloader versions are not going to happen. Sorry! (A quilt version might happen, though)

##### Copyright © 2024 iuriineves

Commit message:

add "download on modrinth" badge

README.md, after:

![Neves' Capybaras Logo](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/24f94d5b6d303fa5e4337a6fd6951a9889918b28.png)
### A Fabric mod that adds Capybaras, the "coconut doggies", as your companionship!

[![Download on Modrinth](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Prospector/badges/master/modrinth-badge-72h-padded.png)](https://modrinth.com/mod/nevescapybaras)
## Requirements
[<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Ol1Tcf8.png" alt="Requires Fabric API" width="200"/>](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
[<img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/56f1b4c1016d7698f0bf00e1305c1a22123d819a8fb43181d8cb8139b0d3136d/68747470733a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f4b42396b5259562e706e67" alt="Requires Geckolib" width="200"/>]([https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib))

## [Video Showcase](https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/GtRuQqqVLZE)

## Gallery
![Happy capybara family in the mud.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/10fa8cfc57fb411de59ccc62d755b34ebeee94dc.png)

![Mangroove swamp with thermal springs.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/499b4725ff2c5cb93fb2bb46ff79d4eb78e1de5d.png)

![Mandarin bushes on a sunny day.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b726f5e55d4aeaed5c6161559d404c985df99127.png)

![Geysers spewing water.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/5b748e18bd0967d7008a63f8d8bf413f44eac649.png)

## Features
### Capybaras:
- Capybaras are new mods found in swamps, mangrove swamps and river biomes. They will spawn anywhere on those, usually in groups of 3-4 capybaras, but will spawn way more frequently at Capybara's Paradise, also found in mangrove swamps.
- Capybaras will follow you if you hold a melon slice. It also allows you to breed them.
- Capybaras are semi-aquatic animals, so they spawn more often near water bodies. However, they do not need water in order to survive.
### Capybaras' Paradise:
- A new structure found in mangroove swamps. Here, capybaras spawn more often than in the rest of the swamp, and they'll also stay closer to these structures.
- You'll find lots of watermelons scattered around, as well as small ponds with thermal springs, currently being the only way to obtain this new block.
### Mandarins:
- Mandarin bushes:
  - Despite being totally not realistic, mandarin bushes are the way to get the new fruit.
  - You can find mandarins, mandarin leaves and flowering mandarin leaves in these bushes.
  - These bushes only spawn on the plains biome, so make sure to gather some saplings to plant them anywhere else you might want to have it.
- Mandarin:
  - A new food type. Eating this will give you 2 hunger points + the "Sweetened" status effect for 5 seconds.
  - You can put a mandarin on a capybara's head by right clicking them while holding a mandarin.
- Mandarin leaves:
  - A new decorative block that when broken, has a chance at dropping either mandarins, a mandarin bush sapling, or sticks.
  - This block has a second variant, the flowering mandarin leaves, only being visually different.

### Thermal springs:
- A new decorative block. This block emits steam particles from the water blocks above it in a 5 block radius.
- If there's water below it, the thermal spring essentially becomes a geyser, shooting steam particles up.
- The only way to find this block is to find a Capybaras' Paradise structure, where the ponds will have this block at the bottom of them.
- The particles are a bit performance intensive, so use these sparingly (spacing them 10 block apart should give you the most use out of them).
### Sweetened:
- A new effect. While having this effect, all food gives you 50% more hunger points (1.5x). For golden apples and enchanted golden apples, as well as the 50% more hunger points, you'll also get 2 more absorption hearts (4 health points).
- This effect is only obtainable through eating mandarins, and it only has a single level.

## FAQ

**Can I include this mod in a modpack?**

**Yes**: You can, no need for approval. However, I would love to know what modpacks are using this mod, so don't hesitate to message me on discord! (iuriineves).

**I found a bug! What do I do?**

**Open an issue**: Just make an issue on this mod's github page and I'll try to fix is as soon as I can. Make sure to explain how to reproduce the bug as well.

**Can you port this mod to X modloader?**

**No**: I only mod for the Fabric loader, so other modloader versions are not going to happen. Sorry! (A quilt version might happen, though)

###### Copyright (c) 2024 iuriineves
